within the last 18 months I grew my
Instagram channel from 9,000 followers
to over 4 million followers now and I'm
now working with some of the biggest
brands like Rayban meta flying across
the world for exciting projects but if I
were to start from the very beginning
from scratch with zero followers right
now here's exactly what I would do in
order to blow up my Instagram account
again so let me break it down for you in
four steps step one is to pick one Niche
choose one topic it's a huge mistake to
make your account about too many things
especially in the beginning yes you
might be interested in fashion travel
and fitness but you need to pick one
core topic to begin with imagine a
Creator posting three travel reels a
week and another Creator posting one
travel reel One Fitness reel and one
fashion reel a week who do you think
will dominate the travel Niche and blow
up on Instagram exactly it's the one who
creates More Travel content per week so
pick one topic having too many Topics in
your bio will confuse the viewer when
visiting your profile make it impossible
for the algorithm to categorize you for
explore feeds and very complicated for
yourself when creating content Clarity
is key here doubling down going all in
on only one topic will make you dominate
that Niche by creating way more content
around that one topic than if you're
spreading your Creative Energy thin
across many topics now how exactly do
you pick that one topic just choose what
you're most passionate about what you
have most experience in or simply what
is most fun to you that you can see
yourself sticking to for the next few
years step two is to build a Content
pool stop guessing what your next real
is going to be there is no need to come
up with content ideas yourself here's
exactly what you can do instead if you
have no idea what to post go to the
Instagram search bar and enter your
topic now scroll down through all these
reels and simply search for anything
with over 1 million views hit save and
create a save folder that you call
content pool do this until you have at
least 20 proven viral reels in that
folder now not only will this give you a
variety of proven ideas to choose from
but it will also signal Instagram your
interest in this topic so that you keep
getting suggestions of similar viral
reels within this topic on your explore
feed and that's how you will tap into
unlimited proven content ideas so we
have now picked one Niche and build a
Content pool let's get practical in step
three which I call the best of nine
strategy with this strategy you will
find your winning format and identify
one specific content idea that works for
you so here's what you'll do select
three reals from your content pool
folder choose these based on what you
feel most comfortable with when
recreating and what you're actually
capable of recreating in terms of the
location and the way it's filmed now you
will simply recreate and post each of
these three formats three times giving
you a total of nine real posts step four
the pattern after you posted your nine
reals analyze which reals perform the
best since you want to grow your
Instagram account fast you want to look
for reals with the highest view count
for fast growth we don't really want to
look at likes or shares or saves for now
so look for the highest views and then
compare the top three reels with each
other what do these three reels have in
common these similarities can be based
on the audio the caption the format
itself the hook the title on the screen
or the visuals now all you have to do is
reuse that pattern and keep posting what
works best so quick recap pick one topic
build a pool of proven content ideas
around that topic your content pool pick
three formats and recreate and post
three of each and then analyze what
performs best and keep posting that and
that is it that is basically all I'm
doing and that is exactly how I grew 4
million followers in the last one and a
half years and how I would do it all
over again if I started from zero right
now it really is the fastest way to
massively grow your Instagram account
based on proven formats and not based on
guessing give it a try and see for
yourself now if you're still making
excuses I have a free road map for you
below this video taking you through the
process step by step so that you know
exactly when to do what just download
that for free now or join my sixe
program if you need personal help with
growing on Instagram fast hope this
video was helpful believe in yourself
much love